drops of Aid have continued for another
day Aid agencies say they are neither
efficient nor enough to meet the needs
of people as long as Israel continues to
block Aid trucks some Palestinians say
Aid packages are falling into the sea
with no way of retrieving them on Friday
at least five people were hit and killed
by faulty airdrops after parachutes
failed to
open there's no food or water up in
Northern Gaza they drop some bottles of
water but we need food we are starving I
swear to God we literally dying of
hunger please help us come to our rescue
we don't need water we need food why are
they dropping food in the sea we need it
dropped on the ground we just want
something to fill our stomachs we want
bread we want flow in
Ean I have orphans I need to feed them
have mercy on us have mercy on
us the issue of Aid is brutal and no one
accepts it there are isolated are areas
and most of the aid falls and drowns in
the sea and no one gets anything there
is also no Transportation as the roads
are damaged we want better
methods more now from alzer's anal
Sharif in Northern
Gaza a short while ago ples dropped
humanitarian Aid in an agricultural area
in B lahia Northern Gaza women men and
children rush to the area in hopes of
obtaining Aid as starvation escalates
and food becomes increasingly scarce
since this morning a large number of
people have been desperately waiting for
the aird dropped Aid however many were
unable to access it as thousands rushed
to the
area we're anxiously awaiting planes to
drop water rice and any other food
however it's just a drop in the ocean
and it doesn't meet our needs only one
person out of a 100 can secure some of
this Aid to take home it's barely enough
for one person some of managed to take
something home but most have returned
empty-handed as we enter the holy month
of Ramadan hunger gripping the strip I
urge all ARs and those with a conscience
to act and end this war on
G we don't need this aird dropped food
we are running from place to place open
the border crossings allow food into the
strip especially with Ramadan
approaching people are dying children
are starving how can Arab countries
allow this
I traveled from tzat hoping to get just
one package for my siblings who are
crying from Hunger yet the aid is
dropped in the sea or far away I still
haven't obtained a single package for my
siblings what's a widow like my mother
supposed to do to feed her children
there must be a way for the needy to
access this
Aid this is the current situation in
Northern Gaza after the aid was air
dropped it remains insufficient to meet
the needs of hundreds of thousands of
desperate
people